Thursday, May 14, 7 pm is this one presenting Pedro Aquino
guimarães pereira from Caixa Economica will talk about the second installment of
emergency doctrine of 600 reais and our already known elisângela here and
pounds interpreter today and we will start by greeting the
joel stadium for its 72nd anniversary is a date that for us is very
important because also those who despise the no including 1948 were their val da
spider where he was then decisive in creating israel so the captain
benjamin nathaniel that embrace our extensive to all brothers of israel each
we are together again but the situation is an honor to talk about this state
wonderful that i always said by i compared a lot israel that brazil you
well I want it is smaller than the smallest state in Brazil which is Sergipe and it doesn't have
nothing there has no drinking water on the tv put water is almost nothing
and I don’t have land from that accounting, there’s no biodiversity, there’s no oil
and it's a wonderful country, welcoming everyone there, you can march with pride
gay you can have there is a Palestinian who works there she is a zé medicine is a
country is fantastic its people are fantastic example for many other countries in the
so here is gael congratulations on your 72 years old i'm 65 i'm going to get
you here look at some news here
and another thing is a virus unicef ​​just released that we have today 780
millions of children out of the classroom and the indiscriminate lockdown that
we are having our on the pandemic issue are these external lock things
down okay can contribute to an increase of 45 percent in mortality
in the special world for us here in Brazil we are a country still right in
development ah and also say that the lens you speak
something about that, you know, right, the funeral hears international certainty
work here the street here in latin america in the included
Brazil living the purchasing power of the informal fell by eighty percent then
let the informal food body there that takes two thousand a month selling is
globe biscuit cat barbecue on the beach if it is ok it keeps running a thousand
eighty percent per month it's gone to 400 on average I spent it straight from his life
smart store that lost fifty percent we saw real have people who
lost everything you don't have to do not lose anything and you take a lot of situation
complicated so be it with your opinion since you think that brazil doesn’t
supports more right on the part of some states is to have this blockade so
big in commerce it's okay actually yes
and me so important president is emergency aid but we did a
unique way and that later we will announce the condition to speak I already do the
announcement of your briefcase when you talk about emergency benefit the united states
lost 26 million borrowed even we here do not have an exact number some
millions are not going to announce we have an exact but government measures have avoided
here 7.2 million jobs were it not for the instinct of brazil so the government comes
doing your part because employment is also life, people talk a lot
some solo yet right i want is thinking about economics not in life isn't it
economy job is life you earning badly or not earning you have problem
you will miss me your home you will have a weakened organism will
prone to contracting other diseases so it is treating with acrid responsibility
hi and the unemployment collection is also
and tiredness symptoms for employment, there are two of the child in our last ten days
where we include in relation to money from activities essential to
civil construction some of it is to be released other than the issue of
industrial activity but makes it clear that it is not enough just to open it for
industrial activity industrial master produces can put on the market begins to
close there your part is full your deposits are full ok and having
this problem at the end of my lack of consumption we also released gyms
because as paulo waist day it’s health that matters the rest doesn’t have
hurry a person without health not having a healthy life and also beauty salon and
hairdresser some information governors who were not going to fulfill our
decree I make one thing clear, right, we are all slaves to the law,
some government is against us secretly it has two ways picks up the deputy
federal government showing the duda is in the state right and enter a secret project
legislative act can make it not effective, our DMV is not seeing life as a subject
or else let's go to justice okay go to court say justice that can there a
authority of the judiciary to say that the decree is unconditional there to suspend the
he did it we will resort this is the way it is just not I will not
fulfilling this is not the attitude of a person who speaks and democracy speaks
freedom and who is ahead of the ultimate account executive is I saw a
a very firm position today during a videoconference that
we did with a few hundred entrepreneurs from fiesp and ahead of us Paulo Skaf in the
next if the south what the president has not decided if the
brazil if whoever decides the governor and mayor then who should actually
decided one person only me is the mayor the train I talked to the mayor of
roraima which one are you how is the problem the city hall in pará is
I talked because he said he said to me that more than ninety-five percent
activities with messages and monitoring and a lot of milk is going there
have a coronavirus problem and it starts working and he solved it is
take this position and I greeted and at the end of the line with all due respect
by the governors who have to decide are the mayors if it is not the president
right, it’s like being the mayor that in the same state the amazon stops low that
is the second largest state in brazil are connecting extension first to the amazonas
the difference and again book the municipality until rio de janeiro say
get pleasure from the city there at the base of the beach and the mountains aba difference
huge so each case is a case it is also injected into account the amount
of inhabitants of pick up a city that has no building is only at home already used
quite large e-social doesn’t need all that money for you to contain
the expansion of containing for a time that the wine will reach at least seventy per
percent of the population this is a fact that nobody discusses now that way
radical money provide one that’s hi I said that because there isn’t
forecast to see brigadeiro block down closes everything does not work does not work
right ok and it didn’t work on my branch in the world sweden the country that didn’t
did the here gives the country that is fine with this economy awake from death per million
inhabitants and their number is not like the press there, right, Brazil, I say
I third the first country and like the country more than 210 million inhabitants and
can’t buy how much important countries also in uruguay here don’t
answer before you can hardly buy brazil if you die without people
here without in uruguay there is a difference and it is not the same thing not when
inhabitants was 30 40 times smaller than us
oh so i'll say 600 it's always the second installment it's just me to think it is
terrified then I'm charging you because it's missing because it's a help
really is very welcome congratulations to the avenue here do do paulo Guerra
of the conversation just for having approved in record time to leave and the company has to talk about
the second installment thus president largest digital inclusion program in brazil
has news of all time at very great speed so we
we started on Monday tomorrow at three o'clock in the afternoon me and minister onix
let's go to all the details don't spend a couple more hours talking but we
we start on Monday and we will ask every question via the month of birth
exactly so that we have greater peace of mind in payment but
tomorrow the three o'clock in the afternoon the details and another news president is
friday night friday to saturday we went back to pay another batch of
installment one we are receiving now that the ministry of citizenship so are
two good news and the important thing is we are going to pay over 50 million
people in the other record time and that's one thing we are very proud of and for
finalize are the people who were not even a social program before so it is
I am really more accurate, the company hit a lot, you know, because I am the
army and military captain received regulation and regulation
r $ 600 is come on the one who provides the initial military service is military yes it is a
soldier called a recruit right what happened put
the cross song don't know how to weigh the number here like last year they will pick up
80 ok and it was difficult to get into the filter, they signed up for complexity and
received, just that they were plotted outside themselves by meter and in our midst
when the guy does something wrong, you know, the animal gets it, so they'll give it back and
suffer with certainty a disciplinary punishment then recruit some who give
a blow there and it was bad there you got it wrong they are going to pay a little high price at the top
to say why is it the extent to which we tried let's go there and the legislation
ready there is also by decision of the prosecutor having to pay the
ecgs for family members of prisoners only to be very inmate who receives insurance
confinement a better the confinement aid so it was the pilot
i talked to canuto dataprev today he said it would be psol about 30 thousand little
30 more my darling held on to make a filter for those who receive assistance
seclusion a detail right is a decision that sells top to bottom i will erase
family of the inmate ok we will comply with the legislation in
and if you really enjoy something then it’s just to reinforce this greater
program one thing i forgot more we increased the number of terrain not us
we will open to all people the 50 million digital accounts are in the
truth we are offering something speak tomorrow but advancing all the
aid people received a free digital account and it is very important
president because you can make this movement by cell phone so
this is a novelty we have 20 million contos and we will have 50 million accounts
digital for the second installment but again it's a little more detail I
talk more I will continue here it is a warm economic news that gives us
worries and it’s not just in the savings bank that we try this problem
in the morning i called pedro lima on an exam night there i went there
I talked about something so that in more depth today, approximately
five million people are paid there to install their own house in the box
sacramented by the good ruling class and you could negotiate the delay until
two installments and you’re short of time decided to move to three you can’t
avoid and it is not the press that the pedro guimarães savings bank will have to
some president i'm going to move on to three times details how many people
out of the five million join you
2302018 2300000 people are are people who asked to be late one month
another month the payment exactly because not to lose there is no to lose
employment other even your employment contract even the situation is
complicated we can’t ecolencil to brazil in this area are price to be paid
with lives will be huge and which one on top of that with the other to pay approved
us from monday will expand to four months cause all two
million 13 hi princess don't have to worry
because it will be ok ok already asked will receive four months and whoever
for asking now already approved four months of pause reminding only president that
circular movement of the central bank generated by roberto campos allowed up to 6 months
without changes in provisions so the box remains extremely history but
is a help from the federal savings bank including in this real estate part a
million and a half jobs were kept by the cashier's help in financing
loan take advantage since you talked about roberto campos roberto
fields grandson there I was educated with his grandmother ok it's an honor for me 91 to arrive
in bed he they as deputy times is logically had no contact with him
a bed has a lot of people, but there is a person there that a lot
respected in bed and his grandson there now the president of the personal central bank
started to argue about saying that a provisional measure published on the day of
today you know that the scene is me i'm responsible called measure for aiming
the legal protection some started to talk about it, you know, the mp for
protecting possible fraud in the states has nothing to do with it
he has to deal with the purchase of credit explain path with words quite
simple of course we even talked to roberto my friend more than
20 years was in the region so what exactly is this provisional measure is
a simple thing exactly to help in this credit issue the central bank
with all the central banks in the world will be able to buy on credit only
that roberto bom central will buy without 1200 1300
it is once without this provisional measure if a credit the two hundred or three hundred thousand
there is a diaper some problem everyone there will end and then it will
happen you can't get it to work so this measure basically is
the next you will make a purchase of 100 or castles if two or three
have fraud you don't generalize the problem to everyone central bank is
simply all countries in the world we will have a normal thing in countries
are on facebook 97,000 youtube 24,000 young radio pan a hug from someone
plan is thank you very much for the confidence in transmitting our signal ok
we are also pending on youtube and maybe it's the facebook sign there
we have here on youtube ahead to keep alive it's coming to an end
this live here so far has not crashed because it was on youtube too
hitting well love you is in this matter the concern of
entrepreneurship is that the economy does not stop working it has will be sectors
of the economy is that it is quite complicated it is complicated to survive
uti brazilian people all right asked in front of page in são paulo caoa group
for example ppl brazil is alive gol airlines airline and rhythm latam
latam embraer [ __ ] are people from bradesco by the factor bahia houses big dock gil
heavyweight people there who solved it there he is
to come in to discuss this matter so that we can save money for
work because saving jobs and saving ahead is saving lives right
well maybe it's the last subject right hydroxychloroquine protocol I
I talked yesterday with the minister, the fish, right, fish, the Nelson raffle is
I told him that the federal medical council recommends the use of chloroquine
from the first symptoms and our protocol of March 31 that still takes
the mandetta boys saying that claudina can only be used from
an element is in there in a serious condition well say there you have to tell me
I talk to a lot of doctors about how much the human being is in the
serious situation with the snake, he hardly recovers it
hardly now when it is in the initial stage, even older than the
the youngest person affected, his problem is hardly aggravated so the most
the elderly with the glue here, it’s not confirmed yet, but it looks like it’s working
right no i think tomorrow is the best to protect gives an answer to
people I think it will be due to the change in the protocol I think it will be
abusing protocol so that it can be applied then from the same
symptoms especially for people more or less i want to leave the
testimony my son my mother is 93 years old if the brother sees a sister speaks to
the time was positive for her ok although my brothers already accompany me know what
I think, right, we're going to go to Claudiana to find a doctor there who has
very favorable doctor, you know, to see if it’s stirring and I got in there, I put it better
also don't have to wait ok, logically my mom is quite old
she saw yet another one with 50 for us we were fifty there okay
too ok well and the disclosure there everyone wants to know
dissemination of video regulation of video is and those who believed that it is a
checkmate is now screwed overpowering video you will fall off the horse
good morning carol first i hope first moment that the video in full
is not released and has conditions is safe national and personal account is spoken
an economy is not the case updates now what she asks why does he
washed is that it costs a tie then takes a scene if it is destroyed when you see the
the ex-minister says that in the video it's very clear he was trying to interfere
on the front pf 20 minutes ok I could introduce it was not a second time only
so I tried to think about disclosing I had already spoken here at the reception here
now that this place comes my request from the minister of the supreme federal court
celso de mello we delivered a video on the internet obviously the video is
and he is this he is as secret is there secret is right the video has already been seen
by the lawyers of the ex-minister he was also seen by the a g1 by the staff
of the federal police and tomorrow the attorney general of the union will go there
petition the rapporteur minister in the supreme court has the right to say the following, right
are two 30-second sections with process interaction so no one has
doubt about it but on my part I authorize to disclose every 20 minutes
even to see in a context the rest we will fight I hope you
here there is sensitivity a rapporteur who maranhão reserved ours has nothing
is does not exist is not is filmed with a lot nor how is it in bed is like her the
federal senate and expect that support that's it and spread the word I don't have
expletive don't lie is my way of September one who doesn't want to hear
swearing and does not warn to see and understand that it is a
meeting preserved and it's the way we have to conduct the salary talk will see
there that there are no words so it is federal superintendence that has there
when security is lacking and that security is my life after the
accident right better than attempted murder
and I always occupied but my family and some friends of mine what even
with myself time on top of everything will forget and keyboard also the very
Mr. Valeixo says that the resignation was at the request that there was no interference from me
together presented in a man even put I never talked I do not remember
talked to the superintendent of fisheries in brazil i don't remember also has
to start even without knowing I already had a few times in the past there in rio de janeiro in
thirst of the plague but I never tried to process it did nothing even because it doesn’t have
how to interfere ok and even fake to have autonomy time should be scheduling
congratulations to the land he is putting it to break in some states congratulations
get it right let's go ahead let's fight corruption how to inhibit with
these actions to emily whoever wants to practice the actions i found out
it was also her videos and this is true but it must be true comes when
the right media there are several contracts you can't get enough
well then thing for the opposite status
coronavirus is okay so if god willing i hope the
sir told me gratefully quickly leave liberia the 20 minutes
no problem and we do not allow to release the rest to avoid problems
right, brazil between the countries we are reading a business relationship but that
it is not the case and it is not the case you forget to put the functionalism now
let me say something I don't know if the company please
my testimony from carla zambelli yesterday my phone is there guys ok i am
busy from here quickly here it's worth it is worth it then I talked to
carla zambelli she authorized and i want to know did not authorize
dissemination and it is one thing that puts an end to this collection of
pf interference to put here carla zambelli here
ah ok to home make it very clear i would never publish something without
authorization from the interested person ok you can get it this happened in the
friday the day i'm a serbian i resigned her television here so
from 9 o'clock in the morning she tries to tell but she keeps thinking that I will
show she keeps trying to contact her Serbian, right and she writes here
and the brave asked to leave there is no reason to leave even she was not authorized
right talk on my behalf as she said not very motorized talk and mobile
from the president to her was like he is her best man and what i
understood until that moment sergio moro was a book for her that a language
many people and she tried to make the sergio moro stay in that of the ministry of
justice did not resign because at that point in the championship from the
9 o'clock in the morning there is this possibility I have announced visit
your press conference to resign and leave here 10:30 am please give me 5
minutes please let me talk to you i'm with lucas i don't know who the
lucas here lets in just five minus ten and a half to collective at about 11 am
and then giving a beautiful sent here the plateau you asked for but I'm laughing no
complementary I she already said I didn't ask for anything she said plateau maybe
some boys have started with her and asking to contact
sergio moro ok let me talk but as your admirer in the hair in the streets hear me
just a little, you know, the six years of advocating that one is just her speaking here in
once just a little bit everything that criminals want their way out doesn’t
this drop is this Brazil has to you must answer there in white here if the pr
has the republic annulment decree of exoneration ok or the fatigue of the aleixo
or be let's suppose that I had exonerated the decree of your exemption
your brave he would return he would not cancel
the thread of understanding that would cancel his press conference would return to his work
normal and there would be no more interference you said you ended up
difference show you closer then I go there okay then this is it kills there
once in a while history interferes with the federal police kills once and for all father of
car on top of this business around there we go back to normality will start
the cabocla with the history of my certificate of positive or negative the coronavirus right
I said the word just wasn't there wasn’t resolves not to show it and that it was
negative or try in court I took the final stretch ok we decided not to
and it was not controversial with his ricardo lewandowski and supreme court
before the preliminary injunction, I talked to dilma and handed it over to
being born that was the decision that can not show without problems and ended up that it would be
his version of himself a hug lewandowski watch two cavalry
lucky even right and it's buried this thing there solved the problem ok I
i think brazil with him despite the problems we all have many problems
problems I talked about in retail I didn't have a date today with rodrigo maia he is the
mayor deputies full stop like the colombia president there from the
federal senate we agreed some guidelines to be voted in which it needs to leave
to get out of the situation is a door is already part of the
rodrigo maia's life ok we got it right under these conditions he took there the
rapporteur the good news right there with and it is our bill that deals with
a stirring in the cosmos just entering I haven't seen the final report yet but
was the thing then the person who went from five to ten years to was attended to
give a driver's license the health inspection issue that you are required to
look for a clinic associated with the DMV two 300 reals then take your
uncle your father your wife your husband being a doctor so there everything is fine
will be worth more she met very important that interests the personally
it’s right ah the guy isn’t it, it’s just those who work in traffic get it
truck driver in another uber taxi driver dead bus for 20 points of the year is
fast then going to 40 points the project is very good tomorrow i go into
contact with rodrigo he will be put to a vote for sure week that
come I intend on the inside I miss the bed you should miss the
bank hi lala [ __ ] here 28 years old that
from that beautiful arena I intend to take the president of the table there
stuck in bed rodrigo maia and for us to say good night your heart and with
sure other good news is will have our hitting can be sure
that will get more and more right Brazil is always on top of me it's always rodrigo maia
above anybody 210 million Brazilians we are going to give you good news
for the portuguese pedro will not go tomorrow we have
this ad in detail important focus of brazil with only two gates in the canal
youtube focus of brazil and 26 thousand 26 thousand photos but it is obliged to
photo of brazil political sheet 9000 that more youtube channels ok thank you very much
until then for the confidence and transmit us here live on I hope you have a
record some more nationals wait ok we have to reach 10
million and a half of facebook put it reminiscent of the others even if you understand in 15
minutes on instagram 15 million and millions, that's more quantity 2002000
youtube youtube time doesn't have a two million candle
clothes box two million us two million 960mg - 36.76 on twitter our
here the most interacting demon in the world and they are the same as in the most missions
internet in the world he tries to bring accurate information, right, from time to time the
each side happens sorry like that i click goes from belo horizonte rua
sorry, he missed me checking out this real non-video that touches the
down to it we all can radio we are flawed and humility above all
is to recognize when the bank is wrong, so thank you very much to everyone who
accompany follows by trust gratitude is
and then you have to know your work here
hi elisângela you see i learned thank you very much until next week if god
want next week youtube and facebook thanks guys is
and there and there